samples: cellular: lte_ble_gateway: Update to use new HCI driver (#19611)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Removed the ``CONFIG_MOSH_LINK`` Kconfig option.
    The link control functionality is now always enabled and cannot be disabled.

* :ref:`lte_sensor_gateway` sample:

>    * Fixed an issue with device tree configuration after HCI updates in sdk-zephyr.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Fixed an issue with devicetree configuration after HCI updates in `sdk-zephyr`_..
```

>    * Fixed an issue with devicetree configuration after HCI updates in `sdk-zephyr`_..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Fixed an issue with devicetree configuration after HCI updates in `sdk-zephyr`_.
```
